---
title: 'Hero Pixel 0.0.1 - Rolling Out With Real-Time Processing'
authors: [jbyrdziak]
tags: [announcement, release, debugging]
date: 2024-06-18
---

This month we're releasing Hero Pixel 0.0.1! This release has been three years in the making and comes after four complete rebuilds. Hero Pixel's remarketing pixel processes leads in real-time, with the most efficient infrastructure to date. Capable of processing a Billion pageviews per minute with 97% accuracy!

### Highlights

- [Every Email is Verified](/blog/2024/06/18/0.73-real-time-processing-release#every-email-is-verified)
- [Sub-Second Page Loads](/blog/2024/06/18/0.73-real-time-processing-release#sub-second-page-loads)
- [Optionally HIPAA Compliant](/blog/2024/06/18/0.73-real-time-processing-release#optionally-hipaa-compliant)
- [Easily Integrate with your CDP](/blog/2024/06/18/0.73-real-time-processing-release#easily-integrate-with-your-cdp)
- [More than 100 Integrations Available](/blog/2024/06/18/0.73-real-time-processing-release#more-than-100-integrations-available)

<!--truncate-->

### Every Email is Verified

If the data is not accurate, the contact is not valid. That's why we run 10x the verifications on every email. When you receive a contact record from us you'll also receive the email verification results.

### Sub-Second Page Loads

Although we process a significant amount of checks and balances on every page fire, none of this will have an effect on your page load speed. Our pixel will always load in just a few milliseconds.

### Optionally HIPAA Compliant

Enable HIPAA compliance right in the pixel snippet and we'll be sure to handle the data accordingly.

### Easily Integrate with your CDP

Pass through your CDP Identification number and we'll pass it back to you through the integrations. This makes it possible to enrich your CDP data.

### More than 100 Integrations Available

We now have more than 100 integrations available for your leads. Pass the data directly into your database or marketing platform.
